THIS IS THE README FILE FOR POS-PROJECT ADDRESSVALIDATION

IDE: Netbeans
Projecttype: WebProject
Build-Management: Maven

The idea of this project is to give users the possibility to cleanse their address data and store it into 
a database for further usage.

Please just clone our Project and Start it. 
You will see a startpage with two different options: 
- on the left side to validate a single Address by typing it
- on the right site the possibility to upload a csv-File with address data

If you decide to validate a single address, make sure to fill out all fields and then press the button "validate". It will
forward you to another page where you get a suggestion for correcting your address. If the address is still incorrect, the 
webservice couldn't find any improvements for your address. If you want to adapt you address before storing it into the
database, feel free to chance it as you want. Please note that the houseNr mustn't have any letters in it!!
On the right site of the currently displayed page, you can see a map where the corrected address is displayed.
If you feel ready to insert your address into the database, just click the button "accept".

In case you want to validate multiple addresses with just one call, you can find a sample file under res/testdata.csv. Please
note that it must be a csv file and the format must exactly match in order to get a successful result. Unfortunately,
the drag'n'drop doesn't work on all browsers anymore... 
After clicking upload file, it can take a few moments (depending on the speed of you internet connection) until you get a 
table with corrections displayed. Just tick those which you want to store in your database and hit "accept selected". 

Sometimes, the database and the webservice don't work as expected - it's only freeware...

If you've got any further questions, don't hesitate and contact us:
Christian Gutmann: gutchc15@htl-kaindorf.ac.at
Christoph Klampfer @klachc15@htl-kaindorf.ac.at
Marina Spari: spamac15@htl-kaindorf.ac.at
